# Faith Specialty Plates
Project and Develoment 4

Faith Specialty Plates is a non-profit organization that helps to raise funds for the different
organizations that put God first in their mission to help, connect, and bring people together. None of the plates are meant to favor one religious’ group over another; instead, it’s meant to bring together all who have Faith in God.

When the user goes to faithspecialtyplates.com they will be able to first read about the company’s mission statement; “help people nationwide where the need is greatest, by connecting the public with humanitarian organizations that work with the poor and the oppressed; to promote human transformation and bear witness to the good news of God.”

At the main page, faithspecialtyplates.com (Domain name available in GoDaddy.com), the Design provides the user with the company’s branding, a navigation menu, and the About section. This section contains a Read More button, that when clicked, the user will be taken to faithspecialtyplates.com/about that will provide the user with the company’s mission statement and profile; this page is also reached by clicking on the About link from the navigation menu. By scrolling the page down, using the scrolling device on the right, the user will experience a single page that is seamless in content. The next section, beneath the About, is meant to capture the user’s attention by providing a small blurb on the company, on ordering, and on special offers. Each of these sections link to individual pages; faithspecialtyplates.com/ordernow and faithspecialtyplates.com/25%off. The following section is a picture gallery of the available plates. Each image links to a specific section of the faithspecialtyplates.com/about where each plate section is bookmarked. This page section is designed to notify the user about specialty plates and about each humanitarian charity that each plate helps to sponsor. The user also has the opportunity to click on the Featured link from the navigation menu, to get a grid view layout with all the images at faithspecialtyplates.com/featured. Each of these images will link to the About’s page image section. The following section includes the Order Now column, located to the left, and the Testimonials column located to the right. The Order Now section provides the user with an image, a blurb, and an order now button. When the button is clicked, the user will be taken to faithspecialtyplates.com/ordernow, where the user will have the option of getting a plate with or without annual registration. There are only 2 options; $100 with no annual registration or $150 with annual registration. When the user clicks on the Buy Now button, the user will be provided with a popup window that displays the cart order. At this point the user has the option of clearing the cart and exiting the cart, by clicking on the Clear Cart button, or checkout by clicking on the Checkout button. The system allows the user to purchase the item, with a valid credit card. Once the transaction goes through, the system will populate a Thank you notice with a brief blurb of what is expected next. The Testimonials column is a vertical gallery that displays all the testimonials in a column layout. At the bottom, of this column, there is an arrow pointing downward that continuously rotates all the testimonials. The last section of the Home page is the Footer. This section provides the user with the copyright date, company information, and social media links to connect with. The last page, of this website, to mention is the Contact page. The user can reach this page by clicking on Contact from the navigational menu. This page offers the user the opportunity to submit an email message, by submitting a form from faithspecialtyplates.com/contactus.

For this website, I need to develop 8 pages; Home, About, Featured, Contact, 25% Off, Order Now, Cart, and Thank you. I will be using HTML for content, CSS for styling, and JavaScript for forms and navigational buttons. I will combine Html and CSS styling to validate forms. I will also use CSS styling to add transitions on buttons and add animation for progress indicators.

The website will be accessible for multiple device sizes. It will be designed with the mobile first approach and then work its way up in size. Once the website is running the site will be tested in multiple browsers, to provide the user with a seamless user experience.
